What you are looking at is the demonic
little secret behind Charlie Kirk's
assassination. Now, you think that
you're looking at a furry, you know, a a
a young person wearing a mechanical tail
that's moving around, but there's
something much more insidious,
something much more sinister behind all
of this. Now, before you laugh and click
off this video, it might be in your
home. If you've got kids, there might be
elements of this creeping into your
home. And again, it's presenting itself
as like this cutesy little trend. But
let let me just tell you, as somebody
who has studied demonology for decades
of my life, this is ancient. This is
demonic. And this played a major role in
the martyrdom of Charlie Kirk. I'm going
to break that down for you today. Uh
take a look at this video real quick
though with me. It's just, you know,
hey, my POV, my realistic fluffy fox
tail looks so real that people got
scared. So, hey, as a Gen Z, this is how
I can get attention by looking like
this. And no, I'm not mocking it. I'm
just simply trying to say that Satan
always comes masquerading as an angel of
light. But when you peel back the
layers, there's something darker.
There's something more evil behind it.
Now, look at this. Okay. Um, this is my
first day of school being a Theoran.
Okay, I want to kind of like do this
playbyplay though because many of you
have never heard the word theoran
before. Okay, why is this so important?
Look at the Chuck Taylor with the lines
on the toes to look like their paws.
This is very important because a Theoran
is different than a furry. Now, again,
just stay here, okay? We're going to
watch this video in a second. I'm going
to show you some more things and break
this down. But in case you think that
you just randomly clicked on this video,
no th this is a divine appointment.
Because God wants you to see this. Let
me show you why. Charlie Kirk's
assassination suspect had a furry
fixation. So, I just showed you two
clips of furries. We're going to go back
and watch that last video in a second
cuz it's going to horrify you to see
what's happening in the schools of
America. But Charlie Kirk's
assassination suspect had a furry
fixation. And his trans boyfriend
proclaimed support for Biden on social
media. So take a look at his boyfriend.
And this is this is a transgendered man
presenting as a female. I'm saying that
in air quotes. But look at the hood over
his head. Look at the design on it. You
might have just passed this up because
you're not spiritually discerning, but
you're here in this YouTube channel
because God wants you to grow in your
spiritual discernment. Okay? That's it's
why we have freedom of speech so that I
can help show you these patterns and
things that are presenting themselves as
modern or even just some kind of like
relevant trend amongst Gen Z and you
know young millennials is actually
something ancient and something evil
because again look it's a puppy head.
You can can you see this in the picture?
I'm just putting this puppy image like
over over my my head. Why is this
important? What does this have to do
with what does this have to do, you
know, with this this murder? What does
this have to do with this assassination?
Okay, there's there's two categories
we're going to break down and we're
going to go back to that video in a
second. There's furries and there's
theans. Okay, so it's easy to dismiss
these as just strange internet trends,
but they are growing and it's
infiltrating our schools, our community.
And there's even Christian young people
who are falling prey to this. Okay. Now,
I want us to stay compassionate and
grounded in the truth of God's word. But
I'm also going to be firm. And by the
way, if you're watching this video as a
furry, if you're somebody who identifies
as a Theoran, I want you to just watch
all the way through because I'm a
father. I have children of my own. And
I'm saying this with a lot of love and a
lot of compassion. You will know the
truth. And the truth can set you free.
But let me just kind of let me explain
after all of my research what a furry
and what a theorion is. If you identify
as a furry or a theorion, let me know in
the comment section if I got this right
because I really tried to do the best
job that I could. So what exactly is a
furry? Well, the term refers to this
subculture of people who are interested
in anthropomorphic
animals. What does that mean? Animals
with human characteristics. It's just a
big word that basically means animals
with human characteristics. So like, you
know, I'm a child of the 80s, you know,
think about the 80s and 90s. You have
movies like Zootopia, you have Robin
Hood. It's like they're they're not just
animals. They're actually animals that
present as like human characteristics.
So, you know, this interest, it shows up
in many different ways. People create
art. They write f furry stories. They,
you know, sometimes even dress up in
these elaborate costumes called
fursuits. Now, I want to show you what
these costumes look like. Okay, here's
what the costumes look like. Now, the
very first time that I saw these one of
these fursuits, I was actually in Italy
and I was in Rome and I thought it was
like a mascot for some kind of sporting
event or whatever. And
I was like, you know, this is like
really bizarre. What is that? My
daughter who's a teenager is like, "Dad,
it's a fursuit. They're a furry." And
when you look at this, it looks almost
like happy, right? Like, you know, oh,
this is this is great. Like, look at,
you know, look at this thing. But but
for most, and this is what I need you to
understand, it's this creative hobby.
It's a way to connect with others who
share their interests. It provides a
strong sense of community. Look at them
like, "Oh, I'm here with all my furry
friends." And and again, it's like Satan
always comes in the form of an angel of
light. It's always, "Hey, I'm here to
help. Hey, this is going to make your
life better. Look, you're so shy. You're
introverted. But behind this suit, you
can finally be yourself." As a matter of
fact, they have this term my persona,
which is persona. So, they take person,
replace the word with fur and persona,
and now it's like they, you know, look
my my furry persona. Now, let me go back
to that video. Remember I told you about
that video. By the way, if this is
helping you, if you're a parent and
you're so thankful to be educated in
this way, would you just smash the
thumbs up? Especially if you feel like,
hey, more people need this. More people
need to to to hear this message. Um, a
matter of fact, if you're a Christian,
would you would you let me know in the
comment section? And maybe you were
unaware of this. Let's get a good
conversation going. But look at this
video, okay? One day of being a Theoran.
Okay, let let me one day of being a
Theion at school. Now, this is different
than a furry because Satan has a way of
progressing us. He Okay, let me let me
explain. And it's like, well, first I
got drunk on alcohol. Then I smoked weed
and weeded was the marijuana was the
gateway to hard drugs and then I started
doing meth and then, you know, cocaine,
heroin, now I'm dead. Or, hey, I started
watching, you know, sexually perverse
videos online, and then all of a sudden
that turned into an addiction, then I
wanted it in person, then I started
sleeping around with people, now I have
a disease, now I'm dead. It's like Satan
always starts you off in the most
entertainmentbased, the most
lighthearted, the funnest version of it.
But guess what? It's like it was fun the
first couple times you got drunk. Now
you're getting high. Now you're dying of
addiction. It was a It was fun. It was
It was fun the first couple times that
you gave into sexual temptation. You
know, it was exciting. It was a thrill.
Now all of a sudden, you're diseased.
You're dying. You You're dealing with
the consequences of of all those. This
is how Satan does things. So now when
I'm saying that because you it's like
they're starting as oh look it's furries
I'm wearing a mechanical tail it's cute
now we're advancing now we're going into
the the realm of theion okay now look
and now this is from somebody's posted
video online showing the tail and look
what they say teacher said that they
like my tail so what is this you know
every student wants the approval of
their teacher What better way to wear a
tail? And now your teachers say, "I like
your tail. Look at the cute little emoji
with the See, see this is how the
deception happens." So they're going
through their school day wagging their
tail. My teachers like it. Some
children, you know, they laugh at me.
But then here's what happens.
But my classmates supported me. So who
look my what's my protection from my
bullies? It's my suit. It's It's my
tail. It's my shoes. It's looking like
pause. It's it's this persona because
look now my classmates even support me.
See this this is how deception happens.
I'm going to pick up the pace here cuz I
want you to stay through the entire
duration of this video cuz you're like
what does this have to do with
assassination culture? What does this
have to do with what happened to Charlie
Kirk? I'm going to tie it all together
for you. But look at the last part of
this video. When I was waiting on the
bus, an old lady said that that I looked
nice. So it's like look, the older
generation is complimenting me because I
wear this suit. I'm a Theoran. I I I'm a
furry. People are supporting me, my
friends. Like somehow life is better now
because I have this persona. Okay? And
look at the very last part of this
because it's really important.
She was so nice. And look at the cry
emoji. Tears welling up in in my eyes.
Like tears welling up. She was so nice.
People are not nice to me. But when I
have the tail on, they are. This is the
lie. This is the very deception. Now
look, look it. The stakes are changing
now, aren't they? Now it's
assassination. Now it's furry fixation.
Now it's I have a trans boyfriend that,
you know, that that I have to defend
that, you know, Charlie Kirk is speaking
out against these things and, you know,
I I I need like this isn't right. and we
should have the freedom and you don't
understand our community. So you you
might you might have heard this term
theorion but this is where it takes on a
dark twist. This is different. A
theorion is someone who spiritually
and this is not my words as a Christian.
This is their words. They call it
spiritual I spiritually identify as an
animal. I don't identify with an animal.
I identify as one. So, so that video you
just watched, this person's saying, "I'm
a theor." And you may not know what that
term meant this whole video. Now, you
actually know what they're saying is, "I
don't identify with one. I identify as
one in the spirit." Okay? Now, it's it's
this is deeply personal. So, if you tell
them you can't wear that, you can't do
that in school, now you're speaking to
them on a spiritual level. You're
denying them. This is now turning into a
religion. This is this is no no I I
identify with this. I practice this.
This is this is an an animal spirit in a
human body as they would say. Okay. Now
why is this important for aan? Their
animal identity isn't just a hobby. It's
a very core part of who they are. So
look at this right here. So now all of a
sudden, if you're less discerning, you
don't even realize that hood that's over
the boyfriend's
head is actually signifying something
much more personal. Much more personal.
They're identifying with this. Okay?
Like, like, okay, stay with me because
I'm going to pull it all together right
now and I think it's going to shock you.
A furry might say, "I like wolves and my
persona is a wolf." But a wolf theorion
might say, "I am a wolf." It's a
profound internal identity, not an
external performance. But these
communities are growing. Some of you
might be horrified to discover that this
stuff is happening in the other room
amongst your kids or they're best
friends with somebody. And even if your
kids are not identifying as a Theion or
a furry, they have friends, they're best
friends. And there's this emotional
connection that's opening the door to
make something okay, that's not okay.
But for those of you watching who are
furries, who are theans, you're in the
right place right now because I want to
help help you understand your true
identity. I want you to understand why
this really matters and and the fact
that you're doing something that's not
new. You're doing something that's
ancient. these these we have these
modern labels like this is my persona
but actually there's these underlying
ideas that are connected to demonic
spirits and the very practice of humans
taking on animal personas as old as
civilization itself. So in many ancient
pagan and shamanistic religions, this
was a part of worship. So what this kid
is doing at their school that you're
seeing on the video right now, this is
the same as a Muslim praying multiple
times a day. This is the same as a
Christian having a Bible club and
reading scripture. This is worship. This
is religion. This is an identity. This
is spiritual. Now watch, let me connect
it though. So just in case you didn't
believe me. In ancient Egypt, priests
wore masks of gods. One of them named
Annabus. that was actually a
jackal-headed god to channel their power
during rituals. So, Annabus, this
jackal-headed god, they would take this
hood, this mask, place it over
themselves, and they would begin to
channel power. So, now watch this. Look,
think about what I just said. They would
wear a hood, they would wear a mask, and
they would channel power. What do you
see in the picture? This is demonic.
This is worship. This is This is an
ancient Egyptian demon in a new day.
Okay, you don't believe me about that?
Okay. Oh, Mike, that's too much of a
stretch. Okay, let let's go a little bit
deeper because I got I got some more for
you.
What about the Norse legends of the
Berserkers? These were warriors. Yeah,
they wore bear and wolf skins, but they
were actually believed to take on the
spirit of the animal in battle when they
did it. So, the berserkers were warriors
that I'm not just wearing this wolf skin
or this bear skin to keep warm. I'm
actually wearing this to channel the
spirit of that wolf or of that bear. And
it's and it's going to empower me to be
a berserker, this this crazy warrior.
And so, look, look at how Satan
rebrands. It's a puppy. I'm wearing the
the persona of a puppy. And what? But,
okay,
it's still the same demon behind it.
These practices were about blurring the
lines between human and animal and
between the physical and spirit realms.
Okay? So, it was an attempt to find
power. It was an attempt to find
identity. And it was an attempt to find
connection. Watch this y'all. This is
going to help you so much. It's going to
help your children. It's going to save
you. What is this? This student look
sitting in the school. I find
connection. I find power. I it's all
there. I find my identity. I am this
animal. And that idea, look me in my
eyes when I tell you this cuz this I I
want you to see my eyes right now. That
identity
is so powerful to them that they're
willing to kill for it. Now, why? Why?
Why do I not think this is strange?
Well, because animals are governed by
instinct, not intellect. See, when an
animal kills, we that animal doesn't get
put in prison because it's it's not
governed by intellect. It's governed by
instinct. So, what could it be that
furry culture that that personas could
it be that that theorans are actually
giving themselves license to kill?
Giving themselves license to have
unfettered sexual activity because, hey,
I'm an animal in a human body. Why would
you blame me for this? When your dog
does sexual activity, is it doing
something wrong or is it just doing its
instinct? This is Luciferianism
unmasked.
This is the very thing that Lucifer said
where he said, "I will ascend. I will be
like God." The very first sin was not in
the garden of Adam and Eve. The very
first sin was in heaven when Lucifer,
who was not created in the image of God.
Oh, come on. when he he was not created
in the image of God said I will be like
God so it's this melding together of
self I will do what I want to do if it
feels good to me if I think it's right I
will do and human which is created in
the image of God it's a distortion of
the imo day it's a distortion of the
very image of God that's inside of every
single one of us and it's a perversion
of it and Satan loves to do that that's
why he did it with multip multiple
cultures and I just told you about that.
But if you're a furry, if you're a
theorian, if you're watching this right
now, if you're in your school and you
feel so much power as a result of that
mask, but then you feel so powerless
when you take it off. I have a message
for you right now. I have a message from
heaven. I have a message from your
creator. See, when you take that mask
off and you look in the mirror,
according to the scriptures, you are
seeing the very image of God because you
were created in his image. And it is
Lucifer, the very one that got thrown
out of heaven. He's the one that's
trying to get you to cover that image
because he hates looking at your real
face. Some of you think, "I hate my
face." No. The demons inside of you hate
your face because your face is a
reminder of God himself. And it's God
who brought you to this video. And it's
God who brought you to the truth because
you will hear the truth. And the truth
will set you free. And the truth is you
are not a product just of your parents
but of your heavenly father who breathed
into you the ruach. The breath of God
that became your spirit. You don't have
an animal spirit. You have the breath of
God Almighty that became your spirit.
And before you were even in your
mother's womb, he knew you. The true
you. Not the costume, not the outfit,
but the you that he created. And if
there's tears coming down right now,
it's because it's a confirmation that
you can be free. You're asking him the
question, who am I? Who am I? But to
understand that, you got to go back to
the beginning. Go back to the book of
Genesis. Go back to where he said in
Genesis 1 27. So God created you in his
own image, the image of God. He created
them male and female. So even
transgenderism is a violation of the
original design. It's Luciferian. It's
literally Lucifer himself trying to blur
the lines between man and female because
to blur the lines is to take away your
identity. But he he makes you think
you're adding to it. He makes you think
you're getting something. But he's
robbing you of what it means to be a
daughter, a true female. it. He's
son, a true male. See, here's the thing
about transgender is in becoming
something else, you actually become
nothing else. It's be by only being a
male, only being a female that you
become a son or you become a daughter.
But maybe you hate your biological
mother. Maybe you hate your biological
father. And maybe putting that mask over
your face ends up uh removing the
trigger from the trauma of your past.
Maybe you're introverted and you're shy
and you get to act out this persona that
you call a persona. But the Bible says
after the Holy Spirit comes upon you,
you will receive power. You don't need a
costume to receive power. You need the
Holy Spirit on the inside of you, not a
costume on the outside of you. When I
was 15 years old, I was just like you,
triggered with the past and the pain
that I went through, hating my own face
because it reminded me of my dad who was
a murderer. But guess what? I didn't
take a mask and put it on. I actually
took the mask off. The mask of
introversion and shame and guilt, the
the mask of abuse and trauma. And then
the Holy Spirit went on the inside of me
and I became a son. And even though in
the natural I was fatherless,
in the spiritual realm I had been
adopted and I became a son. And no
longer was I an orphan. And if you're
crying right now, I want you to take
that mask off. I want you to take that
tail off. But God never takes anything
away without giving you something
greater. He'll Yeah, the costume has to
go, but what is he giving you? He's
giving you himself. So everywhere you
go, he goes with you. See, isn't it
funny that that tail is behind you?
Well, God wants to get you get your
back. I Isn't that funny that you have
these reminders of everywhere I go, I
have this costume, but the Lord's
saying, "No, everywhere you go, you have
me. Everywhere you go, I go with you. I
will protect you. I will shield you. All
you have to do is simply say, "Jesus,
forgive me of my sins. Wash me clean.
Purge me with your blood. Wash me with
your blood. I receive you. Adopt me. And
he will do it right now. And and listen,
this is one of the most powerful
ministry moments because there's not
many preachers talking to the furry
community. Talking to the theory
community, but you matter, too. But you
cannot live in a deception. You cannot
live in a lie anymore. And and here's
the thing. I'm not asking you to to let
anything go. I'm asking you to trade it.
Trade the tale so that God can get your
back. Trade the costume so that you
don't have something on the outside but
the Holy Spirit is on the inside of you.
Generation Z, this is my message to you.
Revival happens when we trade. He wants
to He wants to give you something
different and he he wants to give you
himself and a new identity. The Bible
says that when you pray that prayer, he
makes all things new. Get into the
comment section right now. If you just
came out of darkness into the light, if
you're leaving this community behind, I
want you to take somebody with you. You
know that, hey, the if found people,
find people. And I want you to let me
know in the comments section if this
video helped you. I want you to to to
get loud. The Bible says that they
overcame by the blood of the lamb and
the word of their testimony. And I
believe this video is going to cause
many people to have the testimony, I
once was lost, but now I'm found. I once
was blind, but I took the mask off and
now I see. Come on. I just feel the
power of God all over this because
listen, look at the screen one more
time. This message never got
to these people. And Charlie Kirk was
trying, but instead of feeling the
compassion and feeling the love, the
demons that controlled this couple, this
homosexual couple, those demons begin to
plot murder. And there was a life that
was lost. But Jesus says, "I've not come
into the world to condemn it, but I came
into the world to save it. I came that
you may have life and life more
abundantly." It's Satan that comes to
kill, to steal, and destroy. And see
what's happening. Even the bullets that
were used to kill Charlie Kirk literally
had transgender ideologies on it,
phrases. Why? Because the demon was
trying to get the message out. But see,
God's fighting back. That's why I ask
you guys to share these videos, to smash
the thumbs up right now, to text this to
somebody, to beat the algorithm, to make
this system work for the kingdom of
heaven here on earth, to get this out to
more people. Why? Because the way that
you we don't fight a gun with a gun. But
the weapons of my warfare are not
physical, but mighty through God to the
pulling down of lies and deceit and
strongholds that are built up. That's
why this video is one of the most
important videos I've ever made. So, I
want you to begin to share it right now
because Charlie Kirk was assassinated
because he confronted this ideology. But
I believe that it's going to be an army
of people that leave their furry
identities, their personas behind, that
leave this this demonic uh ideology, and
they're going to be the very ones that
advocate the most on behalf of the
gospel of Jesus Christ. And there is an
army that's forming in the cont comment
section right now. Here's the thing.
October 25th, we're gathering and I want
you there. Get up out of your seat. Get
out of your slumber. Get a plane ticket.
Get a bus ticket. Do whatever you have
to do to get to Chicago for the Breakers
Conference. We're going to be joining
together and celebrating freedom. You're
going to see people who came out of
witchcraft and the occult. People that
came out of this uh this furry identity.
You're going to see us pray for uh
representative of all 50 states. The
students are going to be gathered
together. I need you to drop into the
pin comment and get your tickets now.
We've got it more than halfway filled
up. There's just less than a month away.
And I want to see you in in the middle
of our nation. We're all going to gather
in the middle. And so we're all flying
out. We're all driving out to get to
Chicago for the Breakers Conference. And
I want to see you there. It's the pinned
comment. And if you have not subscribed
to this channel, go ahead and hit the
subscribe button now. Join this army of
over 1.4 4 million people globally who
are rising up with the truth and then
shining the light of Jesus Christ in
dark times. And guys, as always, check
out this uh sermon that I preach. A
matter of fact, this last Sunday, I
preached a message on furries uh
Luciferianism. It's in it's in the
comment or it's in the description. So,
go into the description. It's going to
say sermon real big. And I want you to
watch that sermon right now. Have your
kids watch it. Over 500 uh people
accepted Christ after they saw this
sermon. And so I want you to leave this
video and go check that sermon out now.
It's in the description. And then buy
your tickets for the Breakers Conference
in Chicago. I want to see you there. I
love you. I'm out.